1. I need to schedule an appointment with Dr. Sharma for hypertension follow-up
2. My prescription for metformin is running low, can you refill it
3. I have a history of type two diabetes and need a blood sugar test
4. Insurance verification for procedure code 99213 please
5. Reschedule my MRI scan from Tuesday to next Friday morning
6. What is my deductible for outpatient cardiology consultations
7. I need a referral to a pulmonologist for chronic bronchitis
8. Confirm coverage for annual mammogram under preventive care
9. My copay for the orthopedic specialist visit was incorrect
10. Send my lab results from the lipid panel to my primary care physician
11. I need authorization for an MRI of the lumbar spine
12. Can you check if Lisinopril ten milligrams is in formulary
13. I am calling about claim number A B C one two three four five
14. Pre-authorize physical therapy for post-surgical rehabilitation
15. I have allergies to penicillin and sulfa drugs please note
16. Schedule colonoscopy screening for next month preferably afternoon
17. What is the wait time for an endocrinology appointment
18. Verify my coverage for generic atorvastatin twenty milligrams
19. I need to update my insurance information after marriage
20. Confirm appointment for thyroid ultrasound with radiology
21. My HbA1c result was seven point two needs follow up
22. Refill request for albuterol inhaler and montelukast
23. Cancel my appointment with cardiology on March fifteenth
24. I need an out-of-network referral for a rheumatologist
25. What documents do I need for short term disability claim
26. Verify in-network status for Apollo Hospital Bangalore
27. I'm calling on behalf of my mother who is the patient
28. She has stage two chronic kidney disease and is on dialysis
29. Need urgent appointment for chest pain and shortness of breath
30. Update emergency contact to my brother phone ending two seven nine zero
31. Request medical records release to second opinion specialist
32. Pre-certification needed for upcoming cataract surgery
33. What is my annual out of pocket maximum for this plan
34. I need a sick note for two days for gastroenteritis
35. Confirm my Tdap booster vaccination schedule
36. Schedule routine pediatric checkup for six month old
37. Coverage question for telehealth mental health visits
38. I want to add my newborn to my health insurance plan
39. Refill prescription for sertraline fifty milligrams thirty day supply
40. Need referral for sleep study suspected obstructive sleep apnea
41. Verify benefits for outpatient surgery center procedure
42. Update primary care physician to Dr. Patel at Manipal Hospital
43. I have a high deductible plan with HSA account
44. Schedule follow-up for blood pressure monitoring next week
45. Coverage for ambulance transport during emergency room visit
46. I need pre-authorization for biologic medication for psoriasis
47. Confirm my flu shot is covered under preventive care
48. Request itemized bill for hospitalization last month
49. What is the prior authorization process for MRI scan
50. Update my address to two two seven Indiranagar Bangalore
